# Life-in-land
&lt;!DOCTYPE html> &lt;html> &lt;head> &lt;meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"> &lt;style> body {   font-family: Arial black, Script MT Bold, sans-serif;   font-size: 20px; }  #myBtn {   display: none;   position: fixed;   bottom: 20px;   right: 30px;   z-index: 100;   font-size: 18px;   border: none;   outline: none;   background-color: red;   color: white;   cursor: pointer;   padding: 15px;   border-radius: 4px; }  #myBtn:hover {   background-color: #555; } &lt;/style> &lt;/head> &lt;body> &lt;a href="https://imgur.com/nGTz7W0">Life on land &lt;/a> &lt;button onclick="topFunction()" id="myBtn" title="Go to top">Top&lt;/button>  &lt;div style="background-color:Purple;color:Blue;padding:30px">Scroll Down&lt;/div> &lt;div style="background-color:lightgrey;padding:30px 30px 2500px">This example demonstrates how to create a "A flourishing life on land is the foundation for our life on this planet.We are all part of the planet’s ecosystem and we have caused severe damage to it through deforestation, loss of natural habitats and land degradation. Promoting a sustainable use of our ecosystems and preserving biodiversity is not a cause. It is the key to our own survival.  "    &lt;strong>Human life depends on the earth as much as the ocean for our sustenance and livelihoods. Plant life provides 80 percent of the human diet, and we rely on agriculture as an important economic resources. Forests cover 30 percent of the Earth’s surface, provide vital habitats for millions of species, and important sources for clean air and water, as well as being crucial for combating climate change.  Every year, 13 million hectares of forests are lost, while the persistent degradation of drylands has led to the desertification of 3.6 billion hectares, disproportionately affecting poor communities.  While 15 percent of land is protected, biodiversity is still at risk. Nearly 7,000 species of animals and plants have been illegally traded. Wildlife trafficking not only erodes biodiversity, but creates insecurity, fuels conflict, and feeds corruption. Urgent action must be taken to reduce the loss of natural habitats and biodiversity which are part of our common heritage and support global food and water security, climate change mitigation and adaptation, and peace and security.&lt;/strong>.&lt;/div>    &lt;script> //Get the button var mybutton = document.getElementById("myBtn");  // When the user Life in land 20px from the top of the document, show the button window.onscroll = function() {scrollFunction()};  function scrollFunction() {   if (document.body.scrollTop > 20 || document.documentElement.scrollTop > 20) {     mybutton.style.display = "block";   } else {     mybutton.style.display = "none";   } }  // When the user clicks on the button, scroll to the top of the document function topFunction() {   document.body.scrollTop = 0;   document.documentElement.scrollTop = 0; } &lt;/script> &lt;script src="https://widget.flowxo.com/embed.js" data-fxo-widget="eyJ0aGVtZSI6IiM2NzY3YzIiLCJ3ZWIiOnsiYm90SWQiOiI1ZmYyZTUwOGM5NzViNDAwNmYxYmY4N2QiLCJ0aGVtZSI6IiM2NzY3YzIiLCJsYWJlbCI6IldlbGNvbWUgISAifX0=" async defer>&lt;/script> &lt;/body> &lt;/html>
